Update finality provider docs (#454)
babylonlabs-io/finality-provider: docs/finality-provider-operation.md

## 1. A note about Phase-1 Finality Providers

> This node is for you if you have participated in Phase-1 of Babylon

Reviewer: Prefer the previous one tbh, but no strong opinions here

Genesis to help you transition to Phase-2.

Finality providers that received delegations in Phase-1

> are required to transition their finality providers to Phase-2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are required to register their finality providers on the Babylon Genesis chain
```

using the same EOTS key that they used and registered with during Phase-1.
The usage of a different key corresponds to setting up an entirely
different finality provider which will not inherit the Phase-1 delegations.

> If you don't transition your Phase-1 finality provider to Phase-2, all the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't register your Phase-1 finality provider on the Babylon Genesis chain, all the
```

> received Phase-1 delegations cannot transition to Phase-2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
received Phase-1 delegations won't be able to register on the Babylon Genesis chain.
```

Requirements may vary based on network activity and your operational needs.
For production environments, you may want to consider using more robust hardware.

For security tips of running a finality provider, please refer to

> [Slashing Protection](./slashing-protection.md), [HMAC Security](./hmac-security.md), and [7. Recovery and Backup](#7-recovery-and-backup).

Reviewer: wrap to 80 characters

### 4.2. Add an EOTS Key

This section explains the process of creating EOTS keys using the EOTS manager.
Operators *MUST* create an EOTS key before starting the

> EOTS daemon.

Reviewer: Do we have an error if operators don't do that?

Author: Nope. We probably can remove Line 215

Reviewer: If they must do that, shouldn't we have an error?

Author: Maybe we can add a check during eotsd initiation. This check should examine the db record for key creation and the program should exist if it find none. There's no point of starting eotsd anyway if no key is created

eotsd keys import <name> <path-to-key> --home <path> --keyring-backend test
```

> #### Option 3: Using a File System Backup

Reviewer: Why is this removed?

transactions, such as block votes and public randomness submissions that are
essential for its liveness and earning of rewards.

For the `fpd` keyring, the `test` backend will be exclusively used, and it is
mandatory that you follow this practice until automated key management becomes
available. Additionally, we are also exploring options to support different

> withdrawal addresses, so that rewards can go to a separate address.

Reviewer: Why remove this paragraph?

* `EOTSManagerAddress`: Address where your EOTS daemon is running
* `RPCListener`: Address for the finality provider RPC server
* `Key`: Your Babylon Genesis key name from Step 2
* `ChainID`: The Babylon Genesis chain ID
* `RPCAddr`: Your Babylon Genesis node's RPC endpoint
* `KeyDirectory`: Path to your keyring directory (same as `--home` path)

Please verify the `chain-id` and other network parameters from the official
[Babylon Genesis Networks

> repository](https://github.com/babylonlabs-io/networks/tree/main/bbn-test-5/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repository](https://github.com/babylonlabs-io/networks).
```

`confirm transaction before signing and broadcasting [y/N]:` and output the
transaction hash.

### 6.3. Set Up Operation Key

Finality providers consume gas for operations with Babylon Genesis.
Given that the cost of sending finality signatures is refunded automatically
after success, the only cost of operating a finality provider is randomness

> commit, which is made periodically with very low gas cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
commit, which is made periodically with low gas cost.
```

Therefore, it is recommended to use a separate key specifically for operations.

> This leaves key used for registration key isolated and only needed for claiming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This leaves the key used for registration key isolated and only needed for claiming
```

Reviewer: Is this true? I was under the impression that the following holds:

* Key used during registration **must** be the same as the one used for operations.
* However, the registration key can be used to set a separate withdraw address to a more secure keyring than the one used for ops.

From the text it looks like the register key has to be the secure one, while there's a gas-payment key. How are the two keys associated, with the Babylon node knowing that operations (e.g. randomness commits) are coming from the owner of the register key?

Author: Will reply offline.

> rewards. Given that the operation key is totally replaceable, it can hold only

Reviewer: How is it replaceable?

Author: Any key can be the operation key as long as it's funded. It's not bonded to the fp. Will rephrase as following:

```
The operation key is totally replaceable in the sense that it is not
tied to a finality provider, and it can be replaced by any key that is properly
funded.
```

a miminum amount of funds to keep the finality provider running for a long
period of time.

You may follow the following procedure to set up the operation key.

1. Create an additional key for operation following steps in
   [5.2 Add key for the Babylon Genesis account](#52-add-key-for-the-babylon-genesis-account).

2. Fund the operation key with minimum BABY tokens for gas cost.

3. Set the operation key name (`Key`) and the keyring directory (`KeyDirectory`)
   under `[babylon]` in `fpd.conf`.

4. Restart the finality provider daemon.

> 💡 **Tip**: Committing randomness has a constant cost of `0.000130BBN` per

> > commit. Therefore, reserving `5-10bbn` for operations should be enough for a

Reviewer: The denom is BABY
